
√ SWEENEY 3-OCT-09 When you navigate away from the Event List (after it first loads) and then return 
	to the Event List sometimes the page is clearly in a local buffer and sometimes appears to be 
	reloading.  The latter can take some time.
 
SWEENEY 3-OCT-09 Occasionally (maybe one time in 10) my iPhone locks in the sleep state after I’ve 
	been using the app.  It’s never locked while I’m using the app.  I think it happens mostly when 
	I leave the app running and put the phone back in my pocket.    It’s hard to reproduce.

√ TRUAX 7-OCT-09  In settings view some of the table entries are centered vertically and some are biased
	towards the top of the cell.  They should all be formatted similarly.
	
√ TRUAX 9-OCT-09  (0.2 (4))  Cannot save a location to the location list.  When you leave and come back to the 
	location screen the wrong text location is listed.
	
√ TRUAX 26-OCT-09 (0.23 (48)) If you switch to a detail view and then switch back to the list view while the images 
	are still loading the program crashes in the performSelector: OnMainThread in imageLoadingOperation.  Need to 
	gracefully kill the operation queue when the window is released.
	
TRUAX 11/2/09 (0.26 (69M))  With very large data sets (100 days, 23.0 magnitude) the ImageLoadingOperation can crash with a
	BAD_ACCESS error in [largeImage drawInRect:CGRect()].  It is not clear why this is happening.  The main thread does not 
	receive a low memory warning and all of the pointers appear to have been allocated properly.  The allocations only require
	perhaps 20KB.  
	
√ TRUAX 12/4/09 (0.29 (102M))
	If you press a table line for MORE… data and it starts LOADING… and then you touch the Loading… line the app will crash.
	
TRUAX 3/18/10 (0.32 (166))
	Multiple alerts arived while I believe app was open but device was asleep.  When the app was displayed and I scrolled down through
	events there were multiple events highlighed with ALERT.  If I scrolled forward and back the alerts stayed highlighted.
	Some of the alerts were odd because they were UNKOWN events from the night before.  It was not clear if these were
	supposed to be highlighted.  Need to watch this closer.  NOTE:  I had Event Thumbnails turned on when this happened.
	
ME AND MY IPAD 1.01 5/4/10
	The Location List screen search bar has a cancel button.  This cancel button is overlaid with the table index.  This makes
	it difficult to hit the cancel button without mistakenly hitting the index.  This is a bug in the Apple SDK.
	I have filed a bug report.