√	1.  CoreData model for transients and NEO's
√	2.	RA/Dec/Time conversion to Alt/Az coords
		http://www.stargazing.net/kepler/altaz.html
		http://home.att.net/~srschmitt/celestial2horizon.html
		http://cs.astronomy.com/asycs/forums/p/32846/377504.aspx
√	3.	JSON parser
√	4.  Image Swiping
	5.	NEO detail page
√   6.	Email transient data - separate controller which can be called from either NEO or Transient pages
√	7.	Finder Image Display Page
√	8.  Location button will need to be created.  There is no Apple supplied button.  Everyone must just copy
		the existing button.
√	9.	Add ability to enter location manually
	10.	Add separate detail page for NEO's and for other streams
√	11.	Add a server timeout trap in the event the response from the event server is too slow - not needed user can cancel.
			Added progress indicators but they go by so fast once data starts coming that they are not useful.
			Most time is spent waiting for the server to extract and format the data.
√	12.	Add an about screen with version number and credits
	13. Add the ability to select data streams on the settings page
√	14. Allow the user to set minimum altitude in settings
√	15. Add previouslty visited links highlighting
			Add an NSMutableDictionary to userDefaults
				key - eventID
				Value - time of last visited
			Each time program starts enumarate the dictionary and remove event ID's which 
			are older than a preset value.
			Each time an event is touched the list will be updated with the event ID and time of visited
			When list is displayed, if eventID is in list it will somehow be highlighted to show it has
			been visited previously.
√	16.	Add revision control to project.
√	17. Migrate project to LSST account.
√	18. Highlight or leave selected the most recently viewed event, particularly after returning from the 
			detail view so the user knows which one he just viewed.
	19.	Add new event streams.
√	23. Should I add left and right image scroll buttons to the detail pages?
	24. Should the event ID be a hyperlink to the Event page?  If so, where should I link?
	25. Should I refactor the code to make the event list and bookmark list use the same controller?

	

TO-DO list for initial non-push release

	1. Add eye candy
			a.	Format html for credits in a nicer manner.  Add a subdued background color.
			b.	Improve table view graphics
			c.	Improve detail views
			d.	Application icon
			e.	Splash screen

	2.	Implement server syncing with CalTech server.
	
	3.	Add event type selection functionality in server
	
	4.	Add "Visible Events" functionality in server (low priority now that it is implemented in app)
	
	5.  Remove "Alerts" switch from settings.
	
	6.  Get a server and move it outside of firewall.
	
	7.	Switch app to use LSST server as primary server.
	
	8.  Review code carefully for memory leaks
	
	9.  Write up iTunes page
	
	10.	Create Web Site for app with detailed help and additional information
			a.	Definitions of event types
			b.  Links to CRTS
	
	11.	Handle memory problems caused by too much data!
	
	TEST TEST TEST!!!!
	
  