0.2 OCTOBER 9, 2009 (Build 4)
	1.	Added About view from Settings - shows credits, version number, build number and build date
	2.	Added minimum altitude setting
	3.  Added history.  Previously visited links are greyed out.
	4.  Selected events now remain highlighted when returning from detail view.
	5.  Location setting now has a proper location button
	6.  Created IncrementVersion script which uses agvtool to increment the build number.
	7.  Compute local az and alt and max alt
	8.	Keys for event dictionary are now in Constants.h (most of them anyway)
	9.	Events are now color coded for local visibility
	10. Implemented HH:mm:ss format for RA
	11. Fixed longitude and latitude labels for N-S and E-W
	12. Added ability to save locations
	13. Added ability to manually enter locations
	14. Populated locations with list of observatories higher than 1000 meters
	
0.21 OCTOBER 13 2009 (Build 5)
	1.  Fixed display of location name when first entering Location view
	2.  Changed method for loading default locations from copying SQLITE database to loading database from text file
	3.  Item 2 fixed the problem with improper sorting of locations.
	4.  Changed default event age to 10
	5.  Updated event parsing to add RA and DEC and to get the event ID from the triggerIVORN string
	6.	Updated the time so that the event time is extracted from "triggerEventTime" and the alert time is
		extracted from "ingestTime".
	7.  Added index to locations list
	8.  Added search capabilities to locations list
	9.  Fixed a few memory allocation issues and memory leaks
	
0.22 OCTOBER 20 2009 (Build  8)
	1.  Added bookmark functionality
	2.	Bookmark images are loaded on a separate thread.  Leaving detail page is blocked until thread completes
	3.	Added Settings bundle. Currently only the server URL is set in this bundle.  
	4.	The address of the event server can be set in the Settings app.  This will allow Jonathan to 
		test his server.
	5.	Changed Add Location button to bring up an action sheet rather than an alert sheet.
	6.	Modified logic for reloading data.  Now data is only reloaded when a setting which would affect the list 
		is changed.
	7.	Migrate to LSST Developer Account
	8.	Default event history age set to 3 days.  Selected link history is erased after three days.

0.23 OCTOBER 26 2009 (Build 48)
	1.	Added automated build number incrementing.  Whenever an AdHoc or iTunes distribution build is requested
		the and automated subversion commit is performed and the build number is set to the subversion version
		number.  This allows for better tracking of versions.  When internal debug builds are made there is no
		automatic commit but the build number is still taken from the current Subversion version.  Also debug
		builds will have an "M" appended indicating that the code has been modified from the version currently
		the repository. This will always be the case even if you just did a manual commit because the build time
		compiled into the About screen will have been modified.
	2.	Fixed a bug in image loading.  There are cases where the URL's provided by the server do not have valid data.
		This caused the image loading operation to return a nil result dictionary and the program would crash.
		I now test for an empty return data stream and when that occurs a "MissingImage" Image is inserted in 
		its place.
	3.	Modified EventDetailController to eliminate a potential runaway memory problem.  Previously it was possible 
		that hundreds of images could be added to the moving image display with images being added more than
		once.  The logic has been changed to make sure that each image is only loaded once.
	4.	Added next and previous image buttons to EventDetailController.
	5.	First image shown on detail page is New Image 1 rather than Past Image
	6.	Email composer includes New Image 1 rather than Past Image
	7.	Updated Event Types list to match list provided by Andrew Drake
	8.	Fixed a couple of display bugs in Settings where the Tab Bar was not being hidden.
	9.  Fixed the loading of the optional server URL so that it works properly.  Tested and verified using 
		mops2.tuc.noao.edu.
		
0.24 OCTOBER 28 2009 (Build 59)
	1.	Fixed bug where if you quit out of detailed view while images were loading the app would crash.  
		This was done by sending a cancel messages to the image loading threads which were both executing and
		queued up to run.
	2.	Changed main ID to type and replaced type on second line with Mv.
	3.	Modified email composer to add event type.  Fixed some formatting bugs.
	4.	Cleaned up some text formatting in the detail view pages.
	5.  Added "Visible Objects Only" functionality
	6.	Fixed bug in Event Age functionality which has occurred since Sept 28.
	7.	Corrected computation of airmass (I used 1/cos(alt) rather than 1/sin(alt) oops!)
	8.  Changed formatting of Airmass so that it does not display if alt<=0.
	9.  Added Help pages
	10. Added background gradient images to tableviews.  This was not quite as neat as I had hoped.  I had 
		some problems with the background flashing white during loading and on the area below the bottom
		of the table.  The current solution is not as clean as I would like but it works.
	11.	Matched displays of event details and bookmark details.  I had been testing new features in the event details
		and I needed to migrate them to the bookmark details.
	12. Changed reloading logic to eliminate the need to reload if:
			1.  You change from display all objects to displaying only visible objects (the app just filters the list)
			2.  If you are displaying all objects and you change location the table is just updated to 
				refresh the colors.
				
0.25 NOVEMBER 1 2009 (Build 64)
	1.	Changed default values.  Default magnitude limit changed to 18.0 and Visible Object Only switch change to OFF.
	2.  Alerts set for no data received and for unparsable data.  These need to be tested under various conditions.
	3.  Changed "Alert:<date>" to "Alert Time: <date>" on bookmark detail page to match event list.
	4.	Changed subtitle text from grey to white on bookmark list page to match event list.
	5.	Increased size of "touchable area" of next and previous image buttons to make them easier to hit.
	6.  Changed URL for server to "http://www.skyalert.info/jsonQuery
	7.	Fixed a bug where a zero byte image from the server could crash the app.
	8.	Fixed bug where if immediately after switching to detailed view you switch to Finder Chart when you switch back
		to detail view some of the images would not load.
		
0.26 NOVEMBER 3 2009 (Build 71)
	1.	Added progress bar to creation of bookmark so that now the user knows that something it happening.
	2.	During bookmark process the back button is hidden.  You cannot go back to the list view until 
		the bookmark process is complete.  Previously the app just locked up with no indication until
		the bookmark process was complete.
	3.	Optimized display of thumbnail images so that once they are loaded you get smooth scrolling on all devices.
		This was done by resizing the images as they were downloaded rather than as the table was rendered. The Sample 
		instrument showed that almost all of the scrolling computations were in the resize image function.
	4.	Eliminated some memory leaks.
	5.	Modified ImageLoadingOperation to trap malformed image files and replace them with "Missing Image…"
		
		
0.27 NOVEMBER 20 2009 (Build 83 )
	1.	Added Cataclysmic Variable to event type list.
	2.	Changed userDefaults default event to Unknown from Uncharacterized
	3.	Adding Doxygen documentation to classes
	4.	Added Documentation build target
	5.  Events are now loaded in batches of 10.  At the end of each 10 events a More… indicator is displayed
		if you touch the More… table entry the next 10 events are loaded.  This reduces the load on the server.
	6.	Implemented Event Type selection.  The app now respects the event types you check in the settings page
		and only downloads those event types from the server.
		
0.28 NOVEMBER 25 2009 (Build 93 )
	1.  Updated application icon
	2.	Updated startup screen
	3.	Added ability to set time splash screen is display during compile.  Currently set to 2 seconds.
		

0.29 DECEMBER 13 2009 (Build 113)
	1.	Modified IncrementBuildNumber target to insert current build number when new build number is empty. 
		This does not affect release builds, only internal development builds which sometimes had empty build
		numbers.
	2.	Modified the bookmarking function.  Previously it was not possible to return to the event list page while
		the bookmarked data was being downloaded from the server.  On a fast connection this only resulted in 
		one or two seconds of delay but on an Edge connection this could take as long as 30 seconds - quite annoying.
		The reason for this was that returning to the event list page resulted in the memory for the thread being
		deallocated and the thread crashing.  This problem was eliminated by keeping the object alive, even if 
		it was not visible.  It is now possible to leave the detail view while the bookmark data is downloading.  
		You can also start more bookmarks and they will run simultaneously until they are complete.  Download 
		activity is indicated by the network activity indicator in the status bar.
	3.  In the EventDetailController the bookmark button (+) is disabled during a bookmark thread.
	4.	Changed the EventDetailController to set the title of the back button prior to entering the Finder Chart
		so that it is now titled "Event Details" rather than the type of event.  This was confusing when the 
		event type was "Unknown".  
	5.	Added icons for event types.  These are on by default. To see the image thumbnails
		turn the Event Thumbnails switch on in the Settings panel.  
	6.	Added Emily Acosta to the Credits. 
	7.	Rewrote ImageLoadingOperation to use CG graphics libraries for image resizing to eliminate problem
		with crashing since UIImage is not thread safe.
		

0.30 DECEMBER 2009 (Build 116)
	1.	Removed the "END" label from the end of the Event list.  This is more consistent with normal
		table views which simply end.
		
0.31 JANUARY 2010 (Build ??)
	1.	Updated application icons with new artwork from Emily.
	
	
0.50 JANUARY 2010 (Internal release only)  PUSH NOTIFICATION BRANCH
	1.	Implemented push notification registration in Transient_EventsAppDelegate.
	2.	Send POST request for notifications to server at LSST.
	3.	Implemented a blinking ALERT image which can be used for PUSH alerts.
	4.  Added POST server notification to applicationWillTerminate so that any changes made during 
		the use of the program are sent to the server.
	5.	Changed device token to BigEndien.
	6.	Credits in about window now automatically scrolls through the credit list.  
	7.	Tested and debugged behavior of alerts for cases when the program is running and not running using test software.
	8.	Updated Variable and Other icons
	9.	Corrected spelling of satellite in the location view push buttons.
	10.	Refactored LocationSettingsViewController
	11. Fixed bug where device ID string sent the 5 chunk twice in both the 5th and 6th positions.
	12. Increased size of string buffer to handle POST string in AppDelegate and in EventListController.  Changed from 500 bytes to 1500bytes
	13. Updated Help files.
	14. Changed the event list selection page.  The app now checks and if no events are selected the user is warned that this is not allowed
		and the changes are not saved.  
	15. Changed size of string buffer in item 12 to be dynamically allocated to the required size.
	16. Updated Event List and Event Detail views to new graphic look.  Also upated all navigation bars to new color.
	17. Update Most of Settings with new graphic look.
	18. Update remainder of settings, location list, Bookmark list and bookmark detail with lastest look.  All graphics are
		now complete and ready to be reviewed.
	19. Fixed bug where background image would not display on the event list views - capitalization matters on device, not on simulator!
	20. Changed Big event images to jpg to save space.
	21. Added skyalert logo.
	22. Changed "Alerts" to "Notifications"
	23. Update all help files with new formatting
	24. Added background image to help pages.
	25. Checked for memory leaks.  Only leaks found were related to the Apple SDK. URL cache policy in EventListController
		was set to possibly help with one.

0.51 FEBRUARY 2010 (Build 162) PUSH NOTIFICATION BRANCH
	1.	Fixed bug where push notifications were not being updated upon quit of application.
	2.	Updated notification sound
	
0.52 FEBRUARY 2010 (Build 166) PUSH NOTIFICATION BRANCH
	1.  Turned off all (I hope) logging statements exept those which report errors.
	2.	Fixed a bug in the Bookmark detail view which prevented the background image from rendering.
		
0.53 MARCH 2010 (Build 166) PUSH NOTIFICATION BRANCH
	1.	Changed tinting of map type selection on location screen to improve selected map type visibility.
	2.	Modified location button to make it easier to see when it has been activated.
	
0.54 MARCH 2010 (Build ???) PUSH NOTIFICATION BRANCH
	1.  Added email links for help and feature requests to the help screens.
	2.	Touching the LSST Logo on the About screen takes you to the LSST web site.
	3.	Added kNotificationServer key to notification registration request.
	
0.55 MARCH 2010 (Build 175) PUSH NOTIFICATION BRANCH
	1.	Added maxAge key to push registration
	2.  Developer versions of the program now have the About page version label as "Devel Vers." "Debug Vers." 
		(simulator only), "AdHoc Vers." or "Version" (Release)
		
1.00 MARCH 30, 2010 (Build 184) PUSH NOTIFICATION BRANCH
	1.	Release to iTunes Store

1.01 MAY 4,2010 (Build 193)
	1.  Started to add CRTS2 stream.  Added it to the request and tested against Caltech server.
		Still need to modify code to add logos to detail screen and make sure alerts work.
	2.  Completed adding CRTS2 stream.  Changes to:
		EventListController - added CRTS2 to POST request
		EventDetailController - added test for CRTS2 to put up logos at bottom of screen - still using just CRTS logo
		BookmarkDetailController - added test for CRTS2 to put up logos at bottom of screen - still using just CRTS logo
		TransientEventAppDelegate - Added CRTS2 to streamNames being registered for notifications.
	3.	Fixed a bug with the foward an back buttons in the web views - they were wired incorrectly.
	4.	Updated the Event List help information to explain what to do if no events are displayed and to explain why the telescopes
		do not operate every night.
	5.	Added a pop up alert for the first run to explain that the telescopes do not run every day.
	6.	Increased Default event age to 60 days.
	
1.02 
	1.	Add CRTS3 stream.
	2.  Hacked search bar in LocationListController to move cancel button out from under table index.  This was done buy adding
		a UINavigationBar as the main bar view and adding the UISearchBar with a narrower width as a subview.  Not pretty
		but it works.
		
1.03	Survey Branch
	1.	Update project for xCode 3.2.3
	2.	Add survey questions
	3.	Add POSTing to LSST server URL.
	4.	Added flattening to survey responses. 
	5.	Updated the survey graphics.
	
1.04 Survey Branch
	1.	Fixed DEC formatting bug in detail view where minutes were always 00.
	
1.05 Survey Branch
	1.	Added applicationWillResignActive: method to app delegate to save managed object state and to 
		send any changes to the push server.  This was added becasue of the fact that in iOS4 applications
		do not necessarily quit when changing to other applications.
	
